## Write a review and reflection of your experiences in this course, as this is the last lecture before your final project, what are your concerns, how do you plan to manage your time, what have you enjoyed most about the course up to this point.
* Love the course, has had very high highs and very low lows but that is all part of the sped up learning process. It has taught me a ton especially when it comes to being self sufficient, managing time, and going the extra mile to truly understand what I am doing and what I am learning.
My concerns are just based on experience, I need to continue to code code code and learn learn learn to ensure that this becomes second nature and I am not so dependant on references in order to succeed. I also need to continue to work on the WHY behind what I am accomplishing so it comes from a place of understanding and it doesnt just feel like magic when things work.
For time management I am going to code until I need a break even if I have to force myself to take the break for a mental reset. I also am going to do my best not only solve the problems I am struggling with but learn from the mistakes I make to be better. This project isnt just the final, its a stepping stone and something to be proud of and to prove you deserve to graduate. 
I loved this course in general, the learning, the personal growth, the step in a new exciting direction, and the friendships that I have gained. I couldnt be more appreciative or excited for what this course is going to bring myself as well as my family.